Do not merge: testing bad update (#1008)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cos: README.md

> | <a name="input_object_versioning_enabled"></a> [object\_versioning\_enabled](#input\_object\_versioning\_enabled) | Whether to enable object versioning to keep multiple versions of an object in a bucket. Can't be used with retention rule. Applies only if `create_cos_bucket` is set to `true`. | `bool` | `false` | no |

Reviewer: [Naming - Blocking] Variable uses mixed case (gRoup) instead of snake_case. This violates Terraform conventions and breaks consistency.

```suggestion
| <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource_group_id](#input_resource_group_id) | The resource group ID for the Object Storage instance. Required if `create_cos_instance` is set to `true`. | `string` | `null` | no |
```
